Create tooltip page (#1436)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/tooltip.mdx

import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import { 
  ToolTipExitExample,
  ToolTipIconExample,
  ToolTipSimpleExample,
} from '../../examples';

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/tooltip/ToolTipSimpleExample.js"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/tip?theme=hpe#props"
  figma="https://www.figma.com/file/Jd34cI5yyZIPb5BIwkIPU2/HPE-Tooltip?node-id=0%3A1"
>
  <ToolTipSimpleExample />
</Example>

## Guidance

Tooltips will display information upon hover and focus.
Tooltips provide messages that give the user more information about an element.

### Usage

1. Don't use Tooltips for information that is vital to task completion.
2. Provide a brief and helpful content inside the Tooltip.
3. Support both mouse and keyboard hover.

> 4. Use Tooltip arrows when multiple elements are nearby.

Reviewer: I don't think we use arrows... probably should reword.

Author: Ill fix that

> import { Example } from '../../layouts';

Reviewer 2: We'll need to file a PR on the theme to match the designs, from what I saw we'll need:
```
 tip: {
    content: {
      background: 'background',
      border: {
        color: 'border-weak',
      },
      elevation: 'medium', (NOTE: elevation was getting cut off when I tried this locally, maybe leave as "small" for now but look into Grommet implementation)
      pad: {
        vertical: 'none',
        horizontal: 'small',
      },
      round: 'xsmall',
    },
  },
```

Author: Where did you see elevation cut off? I did not see it on my local

Reviewer 2: <img width="378" alt="Screen Shot 2021-02-22 at 9 25 12 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12522275/108745420-e4d37080-74ef-11eb-90e2-3ac08c709fc7.png">
<img width="633" alt="Screen Shot 2021-02-22 at 9 24 57 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12522275/108745425-e6049d80-74ef-11eb-9c5e-97470dfb176c.png">

Author: <img width="417" alt="Screen Shot 2021-02-22 at 11 38 32 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42451602/108753856-7ea41900-7502-11eb-901b-510b15b2b3c1.png">
I think we should leave as `small` for now the elevation in grommet is harsher on the bottom for the regular box not sure if that's what we want here doesn't look right

Reviewer 2: Yes agreed, let's leave as small for now.

import {
  ToolTipDefinitionExample,  
  ToolTipExitExample,
  ToolTipIconExample,
  ToolTipSimpleExample,
} from '../../examples';

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/tooltip/ToolTipSimpleExample.js"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/tip?theme=hpe#props"
  figma="https://www.figma.com/file/Jd34cI5yyZIPb5BIwkIPU2/HPE-Tooltip?node-id=0%3A1"
>
  <ToolTipSimpleExample />
</Example>

## Guidance

Tooltips will display information upon hover and focus.

> Tooltips provides messages that give the user more information about a element.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Tooltips provide messages that give the user more information about an element.
```

### Usage

> 1. Don't useTooltips for information that is vital to task completion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Don't use Tooltips for information that is vital to task completion.
```

> 1. Don't use tooltips for information that is vital to a task completion.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Don't use tooltips for information that is vital to task completion.
```

2. Provide a brief and helpful content inside the tooltip.
3. Support both mouse and keyboard hover.
4. Use tooltip arrows when multiple elements are nearby.
5. Use tooltip consistently throughout your site.

> Make sure to test tooltip positioning to ensure that the content does not block other information pertient to the user's goal.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Make sure to test tooltip positioning to ensure that the content does not block other information pertinent to the user's goal.
```

### Accessibility

> Tooltips should support both mouse and keyboard hover.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tooltips should support both mouse hover and keyboard focus.
```

> Do not useTooltips for information that is vital for the user to complete the task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not use tooltips for information that is vital for the user to complete the task.
```

## Variants

> There are a few different ways that you can use tooltip. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are a few different ways that you can use a tooltip. 
```

### Tooltip with icons

> An icon without a label should be provided a tooltip. Some of the icons have some level of ambiguity which is why this is recommended. This would be also a usecase for icons in any sidebar

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An icon without a label should be provided a tooltip. Some of the icons have some level of ambiguity which is why this is recommended. This would be also a use case for icons in any sidebar
```

> An icon without a label should be provided a Tooltip. Some of the icons have some level of ambiguity which is why this is recommended. This would be also a use case for icons in any sidebar, an example can be found in the [Persistent Navigation](/templates/persistent-navigation#minimal-sidebar)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An icon without a label should be provided a Tooltip to remove any ambiguity around an icon's meaning. An example can be found in a demonstration of [Persistent Navigation](/templates/persistent-navigation#minimal-sidebar), where a sidebar contains icon-only buttons.
```

<Example code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/tooltip/ToolTipIconExample.js">
  <ToolTipIconExample />
</Example>

### Tooltip with exit

> A tooltip can be used to reiderate tradiitional symbols.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A tooltip can be used to reiterate traditional symbols.
```

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/tooltip/ToolTipExitExample.js"
>
  <ToolTipExitExample />
</Example>

### Tooltip with definition

> A tooltip can be used to provide any additional help in defining a term or phase.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A tooltip can be used to provide any additional help in defining a term or phrase.
```

> ### Tooltip with definition

Reviewer 2: Let's take this out for now.
